I do believe this is the superior
solution for people who have been on TRT
a long time and they want to go back and
be like they were before they were on
TRT. This is a reality. And then you can
use fast acting testosterone which
doesn't shut you down, doesn't do any
suppression, doesn't cause hematocrit
changes, doesn't cause estradiol
conversions and doesn't cause
upregulations of sex hormone binding
globbulin SHBG. So those are like the
three big issues with TRT. don't get
those anymore. So, you can fix yourself,
get on fast acting testosterone, and you
will be so much healthier and happier
moving forward. [music]
Hi, my name is John Jish. I'm a doctor
of biomedical engineering, which gives
me a unique perspective. Today I'm going
to be talking about what to do if your
natural testicular function has been
shut down by years of testosterone
replacement therapy. Traditionally, when
somebody would get on testosterone
replacement therapy, that means they're
injecting exogenous testosterone.
Exogenous means not made in the body. So
made somewhere else, introduced into the
body. Endogenous means your body created
it. So people will will do this and it's
been
kind of well known that this is a
one-way street. Like when you start
injecting testosterone, your natural
testicular function shuts off. And
unless you do a lot of things which
there's a number of things you can do to
keep normal testicular function going
like injecting HCG on a cyclical basis
or uh taking Clomid or Clomophane that
you're going to you're going to lose the
function of you know you're going to
lose normal testicular function. Now
this has happened to me because I was I
got on TRT when I was in my late 20s
because of a rugby accident. I ruptured
a testicle and a bad rugby hit damaged
the other one. And that that's why I've
been on TRT for so long. Because
sometimes I tell people I've been on TRT
since my 20s and they're like, "How the
hell did you get on that in your 20s?"
That that's why once you're on
testosterone replacement therapy without
any of the ancillary medications to keep
your natural ticular function going, you
you do lose it. Now, for some people, it
doesn't matter. You know, they weren't
going to get anyone pregnant or they
didn't want to. So, that's fine. And
then they can switch to fast acting
testosterone, which is something I I've
been launching in the last couple of
weeks, and you can find that on
oronly.com. This is by far the superior
approach to TRT or anabolics. If you
want me to go that far, I have another
video on why this type of TRT, fast
acting testosterone TRT, is going to
replace steroid cycles. It's just too
good. It grows way more muscle than
standard TRT. So now the question is
when people switch, when they go to the
new type of testosterone replacement
therapy, well, they're still shut down.
And if they want to reignite their
natural ticular function, what do they
do? So
both things I'm going to describe you
should consult a physician about. So
this is not medical advice. This is just
what's out there and what's being
discussed on the subject. And I am in no
way telling you what to do. You
absolutely need to discuss this with a
physician. If you're going through
oralonly.com to get the fast acting
testosterone, this these are the talking
points you're going to go through with
the physician you end up talking to. two
approaches you can go well there's
actually three you can go the hCG human
chronic anatropen that's a peptide that
you inject and that can get you your
testicular function back clomidin and
clomophene are two things that are known
to do the same thing but what I believe
is the superior solution is a much newer
peptide called kiss peptin now I didn't
name it I don't why it's named that, but
if you go looking for it, this with it
with with a sort of a 30-day course of
Kiss Peptin, and I don't know what the
protocol milligram, how many milligrams
a day or a week or whatever you have to
take. Most of the reason I don't know is
because I've read totally conflicting
things and I'm going to be doing on this
channel, subscribe to the channel
because I'm going to be giving updates
on what this what this does. And I do
believe this is the superior solution
for people who have been on TRT a long
time and they want to go back and be
like they were before they were on TRT.
This is a reality. And then you can use
fast acting testosterone which doesn't
shut you down, doesn't do any
suppression, doesn't cause hematocrit
changes, doesn't cause estradiol
conversions, and doesn't cause
upregulations of sex hormone binding
globulin SHBG. So those are like the
three big issues with TRT. you don't get
those anymore. So, you can fix yourself,
get on fast acting testosterone, and you
will be so much healthier and happier
moving forward. I hope this helped, and
please leave comments and questions. I
know there's going to be so many
questions, and this is a serious one
because if you have shut down testicular
function and you're switching to fast,
acting testosterone, you might not feel
great. [music]
So, we want to get you optimized. So,
ask the questions. I hope this helped
and I'll see you on the next one. If
this video helped you, I want you to
subscribe and follow. I'm going to put
out videos on a regular basis. I think
they're going to help a whole lot of
people, especially if you're one of
those people that doesn't just instantly
grow from lifting regular weights. We've
got the answer for you. [music]